Sfold is a software program developed to predict probable RNA secondary structures through structure ensemble sampling and centroid predictions[1][2] with a focus on assessment of  RNA target accessibility[3], for the key applications to the rational design of siRNAs (4-Elbashir et al 2001) for the suppression of gene expressions, and for the identification of targets for regulatory RNAs particularly microRNAs. 5 - Lee at al ; 6 Long et al 
Development
The core RNA secondary structure prediction algorithm is based on rigorous statistical (stochastic) sampling of Boltzmann ensemble of RNA secondary structures, enabling statistical characterization of any local structural features of potential interest to experimental investigators. The sampling approach is the focus of a review, 7- Mathews  and its potential was discussed in an earlier review 8- Zuker. Predictions by Sfold have lead to new biological insights.9_Adams   The ideas of ensemble sampling and centroids have been adopted by others not only for RNA problems, but also for other fundamental problems in computational biology and genomics. [10-14] . The implementation stochastic sampling has been included in two widely used RNA software,  RNA structure (15- Bellaousov et al  2013) and the Vienna RNA package (16-Gruber et al 2008; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ViennaRNA_Package), which are also based on the Turner RNA thermodynamic parameters (17-Mathews et al 1999). Sfold was featured on a Nucleic Acids Research cover [18], and was highlighted in Science NetWatch[19].
Distribution
Sfold runs on Linux, and is freely available to the scientific community for non-commercial applications, and is available under license for commercial applications. Both the source code and the executables are available at GitHub.
External links
•	Sfold GitHub repository
•	Sfold commercial licensing
References
1.	 Ding, Y; Lawrence, CE (2003). "A statistical sampling algorithm for RNA secondary structure prediction". Nucleic Acids Res. 15, 31 (24): 7280–301. doi:10.1093/nar/gkg938. PMC 297010. PMID 14654704.
2.	 Ding, Y; Chan, CY; Lawrence, CE (2005). "RNA secondary structure prediction by centroids in a Boltzmann weighted ensemble". RNA. 11 (8): 1157–66. doi:10.1261/rna.2500605. PMC 1370799. PMID 16043502.
3.	 Ding, Y; Lawrence, CE (2001). "Statistical prediction of single-stranded regions in RNA secondary structure and application to predicting effective antisense target sites and beyond". Nucleic Acids Res. 1, 29 (5): 1035–46. doi:10.1093/nar/29.5.1034. PMC 29728. PMID 11222752. 
4.	Elbashir, SM; Harborth, J; Lendeckel, W; Yalcin, A; Weber, K; Tuschl, T (2001). “Duplexes of 21-nucleotide RNAs mediate RNA interference in cultured mammalian cells”. Nature 411(6836):494-8. doi: 10.1038/35078107.
5.	Lee, RC; Feinbaum, RL; Ambros, V (1993). “The C. eleg
